README.md, before:

BreezyCreate2 provides a simple abstraction layer on top of the 
<a href="https://github.com/pomeroyb/Create2Control">Create2API</a>
library by Brandon Pomeroy, suitable for use by beginning Python programmers.
BreezyCreate2 uses the standard Python distutils
to install the Python module breezycreate2 and the JSON file required by
Create2API.  I have tested it with Python 2.7 and 3.5.

Once you've installed BreezyCreate2, you can access its sole
class, the <tt>Robot</tt> class, which has easy methods for interacting
with the robot: <tt>setForwardSpeed</tt>, 
<tt>playNote</tt>,  <tt>getBumpers</tt>, etc. (See the <tt>robotest.py</tt>
script for an example.)

The <tt>roboserver.py</tt> script can be run on a Raspberry Pi or other
single-board computer, to control your Create2 over a wireless ad-hoc
network.  The corresponding <tt>robotclient.py</tt> script uses a joystick or
game controller to send commands to the server over the network.   The <tt>playsong.py</tt>
script will use the Create2 to play a familiar melody.

Commit message:

List a number of enhancements made to breezycreate2

README.md, after:

BreezyCreate2 provides a simple abstraction layer on top of the
<a href="https://github.com/pomeroyb/Create2Control">Create2API</a>
library by Brandon Pomeroy, suitable for use by beginning Python programmers.
BreezyCreate2 uses the standard Python distutils
to install the Python module breezycreate2 and the JSON file required by
Create2API.  I have tested it with Python 2.7 and 3.5.

Once you've installed BreezyCreate2, you can access its sole
class, the <tt>Robot</tt> class, which has easy methods for interacting
with the robot: <tt>setForwardSpeed</tt>,
<tt>playNote</tt>,  <tt>getBumpers</tt>, etc. (See the <tt>robotest.py</tt>
script for an example.)

The <tt>roboserver.py</tt> script can be run on a Raspberry Pi or other
single-board computer, to control your Create2 over a wireless ad-hoc
network.  The corresponding <tt>robotclient.py</tt> script uses a joystick or
game controller to send commands to the server over the network.   The <tt>playsong.py</tt>
script will use the Create2 to play a familiar melody.

## Enhancements

<tt>breezycreate2/\_\_init\_\_.py</tt>

getWallSeen() - returns a boolean (true | false) when wall sensor value reaches above certain value

getBatteryTemperature() - returns the temperature of Roomba’s battery in degrees Celsius.   

getLightBumper() - returns a boolean (true | false) when one or more light bumper sensors reaches above certain value

getLightBumperFrontLeft() - returns the strength of the light bump front left signal.

getLightBumperCenterLeft() - returns the strength of the light bump center left signal.

getLightBumperLeft() - returns the strength of the light bump left signal.

getLightBumperFrontRight() - returns the strength of the light bump front right signal.

getLightBumperCenterRight() - returns the strength of the light bump center right signal.

getLightBumperRight() - returns the strength of the light bump right signal.

getBatteryCharge() - returns the current charge of Roomba’s battery in milliamp-hours (mAh). The charge value decreases as the battery is depleted during running and increases when the battery is charged.

getDistance() - Returns the distance that Roomba has traveled in millimeters since the distance it was last requested is sent as a signed 16-bit value, high byte first
